# -A-Digital-Assistant-for-Stock-Market-Prediction
Stock market investors are the ones who may directly benefit from a rising economy, and the value of the investment rises in proportion to economic development, despite the fact that they are assaulted with criticism of uncertainty. According to a recent report released by the asset management firm Scrip Box, nearly 76% of people in India have a vague knowledge of personal finance, which includes risk profiles and investment tools such as stock markets, which eventually makes them reluctant about stock market investment. The kernel of the research paper lies in predicting the future value of the company’s financial stocks such that the uncertainty factors could be overcome to a larger extent, which could encourage people to enter the stock market. By using appropriate criteria for stock market prediction and information retrieval, the survey conducted as part of the research yielded recommendations for enhancing the existing solutions without sacrificing accuracy and retaining fewer mistakes. Additionally, a reasonable and accessible financial planning system was adopted. Risk profiling and stock forecasting are coupled into a single medium as a one-stop-shop for financial and data analysis. The pivotal feature of this research paper is that it opted for fundamental analysis rather than using the old traditional machine learning algorithms which consider only past values. The fundamental analysis includes factors like profitability before taxes, return on taxes, etc.
